RC: Account address separation (#1420)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/accounts/account-settings.md

| _Redis account number_ | Internal ID of the Redis account |
| _Date created_   | Date the user's Redis Cloud account was created, which may differ from the organization account creation date |
| _Last updated_   | Date of the last administrative change to the owner's account, typically reflects access changes or other administrative updates | 

Select **Edit** to change the Redis Account name.

{{<image filename="images/rc/button-database-edit.png" alt="The Edit button changes account settings." width="100px">}}

After changing the account name, use the **Save changes** button to save changes or **Discard changes** to revert them.

{{<image filename="images/rc/account-settings-buttons-save-discard.png" alt="Use the Discard Changes and the Save Changes buttons to manage changes to account settings." width="300px">}} 

You cannot change the email address associated with a Redis Cloud account.  Instead, create a new account with the updated email address, assign it as an administrator to the organization account, and then use the new account to delete the account with the invalid email address.

## Contacts & Business information 

> The **Contacts & Business information** section shows the company name and business address associated with the current Redis Cloud account. 

Author: ```suggestion
The **Contacts & Business information** section shows the company name and business address associated with the current Redis Cloud account. The company name and business address are used for invoicing and tax purposes.
```

> The **Contacts & Business information** section shows the company name and business address associated with the current Redis Cloud account. The company name and business address are used for invoicing and tax purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Contacts & Business information** section shows the company name and business address associated with the current Redis Cloud account. Redis uses the company name and business address for invoice and tax purposes.
```
